c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\bin\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.exe.config
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Welcome_form.resources
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Login_dashboard.resources
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\bin\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.exe
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\bin\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.pdb
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.exe
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.pdb
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Admin_Login.resources
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Reception_Login.resources
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Admin_dashboard.resources
c:\users\ksama\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Reception_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Customer_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Driver_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Vehicle_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Reception_Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Reception_Customer_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Reception_Driver_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Reception_Vehicle_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Rent_Form.resources
C:\Users\ksama\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ayubo_Drive\Ayubo_Drive\obj\Debug\Ayubo_Drive.Hire_Form.resources
